Previously on "Designated Survivor"...
- I am so glad to have you back.
- I'm not coming back.
I'll try and do the job
as well as you did.
Do better.
Tell me everything you know
about that woman.
We'll find her,
and we'll make her pay.
It's not gonna bring my son back.
Claudine Poyet.
That's her.
I hereby authorize you
to use whatever means necessary
to find the people involved in this
conspiracy and bring them to justice.
- Are you still up for this?
- I haven't even gotten started yet.
Thank you. Thank you.
Please, everyone, take your seats.
- Good morning.
In the brief time I have been in office,
we've experienced an extraordinary
amount of tragedy together.
Today, however,
I'd like to ask you to join me
in opening a new chapter in our history.
Most presidencies are judged
by their first hundred days,
when a president rolls out his policy
initiatives for the next four years.
Circumstances denied us
that initial opportunity,
but I am hoping today,
with your permission,
to reset the clock.
I would like my first hundred days
to begin now.
Over the coming weeks, I will be
announcing a broad agenda
to address critical issues
throughout the nation,
issues that matter deeply to me...
- How's he doing?
- ...such as civil rights...
- Twitter thinks he's crushing it.
- ...healthcare, affordable housing,
job creation, climate change, immigration,
balancing the budget, and debt reduction.
Clearly,
we have a lot of work to do.
I will be relying upon
the leadership of both houses
to work with me in a nonpartisan spirit,
putting country before party,
but I will also be relying
upon the good will and highest ideals
of the American people,
which is why I'll be holding
a town-hall meeting this week
at the college of William and Mary
to begin what I hope will become
a national discussion,
as together we reset the clock...
...and work to build a better America.
Thank you.
I'm expecting you have some questions.
Please.
Mr. President, you mentioned
you want to start a new chapter.
Does that mean you're putting
the fight against terrorists,
like Al-Sakar, on the back burner?
Absolutely not. National security...
Does it ever weird you out
that you and Dad are,
like... the President and the First Lady?
...responsibility to promote
the general welfare...
Yes. Every day.
That is all we're doing here.
We're getting back to governing.
We have a responsibility
to meet the needs of all Americans.
So, uh... how long
were you planning to stay?
- Why, are you trying to get rid of me?
- What?
No, no, just the opposite.
I was thinking of getting you
a better futon. That's all.
Oh, it's fine. I'll probably only stay
a couple days.
I just needed to be somewhere where
nobody would think to find me, you know?
Right.
So you said you ran Claudine Poyet's
photo through facial recognition?
Yeah, I thought Langdon's cellphone photo
would give us a better hit than yours,
- but so far, nothing. The woman's a ghost.
- Ghosts are visions of the dead.
This woman is alive,
and she has a name.
Yeah, well... I could be a lot more
impressive if, for once, you gave me more
than just the hint of a sliver of a clue
to work with.
Well, I wouldn't want to spoil you.
What about the timeline
of her relationship with Langdon,
- retracing their steps?
- Been there, done that, twice.
Chuck, what about fingerprints?
Yeah, that would be great if we had them.
Can you pull fingerprints off a photo?
The wine glass.
The resolution isn't exactly ready
for prime time.
It's okay, just see what you can do.
- Amazing.
- Here all week.
Run it through the IAFIS database.
Get me everything you can on her.
I know I've said this before,
but I think it's worth repeating.
It's not that we don't care
about hot-button issues.
It's just that we can't afford
to get bogged down by controversy
when Americans are worried
about feeding their families
or the price of chemotherapy.
Seth, I've got the staff director
from the Senate Energy Committee.
He wants to know where
the President stands on fuel cells.
Sure, tell him the President
loved fuel cells
10 years ago, just like everybody else,
but the technology hasn't advanced,
so he'd like to stick to wind and solar.
Yes, we still think it's worth revisiting
raising the minimum social security age.
There's a lot of support from the group--
No, that's radioactive.
Hi, this is Emily Rhodes,
the White House Chief of Staff.
Who's this? Hi, Katie.
Social security will absolutely
be addressed.
It just can't happen
in the first hundred days.
Keep working on it, though.
Thank you.
Add social security
to things we will address on day 101.
It kills me to run triage on issues that
are actually affecting people's lives.
We need momentum, we're not gonna get it
by being divisive right out of the gate.
Uh, folks, could I have
your attention, please?
You know, if... if we waste the goodwill
of the American people right now,
the President doesn't stand a chance
in Hell of getting anything done, okay?
Wow.
No pressure there.
Please, keep your seats.
Don't let me interrupt.
Hey, how's it going here?
Great, you hit it out of the park.
We're getting calls from Congress,
special interests, R.P.s - real people.
People are excited to contribute
to your new agenda.
- Good.
- The more public support
we can build for you
before the town hall, the better.
That way, we can use it to pressure
Congress into supporting your agenda.
- Otherwise...
- We don't have a chance in Hell.
Yeah.
Everyone, I'm sorry. I know I said
I didn't want to interrupt,
but I'm the President
of the United States,
and I get to change my mind.
Franklin Delano Roosevelt passed 76 bills
in his first hundred days.
If we can accomplish half of that -
hell, a third -
our government will be
the phoenix rising from the ashes.
Keep it up. Thank you all.
Aaron Shore.
We can't pretend
that anything is as it was
before the Capitol was attacked.
The very fact that
I'm standing here before you
as First Lady
should be proof enough of that.
But there are certain things
that haven't changed.
When it comes to men and women,
there are still two different standards
for work-life balance.
And don't even get me started
on the gender pay gap.
But it is my hope that as
community leaders, as mentors,
as mothers, daughters, partners,
we can lead this country
out of the ashes of tragedy
and into a more enlightened future
for all of us.
Thank you so much.
Before we lose you,
we collected a few questions
from the audience earlier,
if you don't mind.
Um, certainly.
First question:
"Do you miss practicing law?"
Absolutely, yes.
It was and is a huge part of who I am,
but no complaints. Public service
is very much ingrained
in both Tom and myself.
Next question: "Considering our country
recently witnessed two separate acts
of gun violence -
the death of Vice President MacLeish,
and the assassination attempt
on your husband -
what are your views
regarding gun policy in America?
Oh!
Honestly, this was something
that deeply concerned me
long before Tom and I ended up
in the White House.
When something as simple
as a mandatory background check
can't get through Congress,
then, honestly,
I have to wonder how we got here.
How do we tell our children
that we are doing everything
to keep them out of danger?
I don't know the answers
to these questions,
but I do know that we need to deal
with guns differently in this country.
Thank you so much.
Jason.
The woman who killed Luke.
I don't want to talk about it.
I know who she is.
Brooke Mathison,
born February 22, 1977,
Seoul, South Korea, Army brat.
Her father took a Pentagon post
in the early '90s.
All we know is that he was charged
with influence-peddling.
The case was dropped,
but he was dishonorably discharged.
Her life tail-spinned after that.
She left home, but she pops up
in various places throughout the country.
Five years ago... she disappears,
erases any trace of her existence.
It's like she never was.
We know who she is.
What's next?
We know more than who she is.
We know where she is.
Chuck found an address.
I'm going after her myself, off the grid.
But I need backup.
You with me?
When something as simple
as a mandatory background check
can't get through Congress,
then I have to wonder how we got here.
That was First Lady
Alex Kirkman earlier this morning.
Right now, we have
Montana Senator Jack Bowman,
Chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, with us
at the Hart Senate Office Building.
Thanks for joining us, Senator.
Pleasure.
Now, what do you make
of the First Lady's comments?
Well, I have to say, I find it curious
that on the same day the President
announces his hundred days roll-out,
the First Lady starts beating
the drum for gun control.
Who's making policy here? Hmm?
The President or the First Lady?
Emily.
- Hey.
- I have a minor flag.
- Are you talking about the First Lady?
- You heard?
I'm not sure it's so minor.
- ...he's gonna take...
- Mr. President.
I don't know if he's the kind
of president--
What do we know about Jack Bowman?
He's the former Governor of Montana.
He resigned after the Capitol bombing
so his successor
could appoint him to the Senate.
Ambitious.
Highly. His appointment to the Senate
moved up his national timetable
by an election cycle or two.
- Where does he stand on gun control?
- Well, he's from Montana, sir.
Damn it!
I wanted to stay off
of these third-rail issues.
You're gonna have to if you want
to keep your first hundred days alive.
Bowman wants to draw you out, make
a national impression at your expense.
How do we stop him?
You have to talk to the First Lady.
Hey. You all right?
Oh, my God, Tom.
I am so sorry.
I so did not mean
to step on your announcement.
It was an honest mistake.
Hell, it wasn't even a mistake.
I mean, you know I agree with you.
So, what's the problem?
Is it the timing?
Timing, perception...
Gun control is one of the most
polarizing issues in the nation.
I just didn't want
to start out of the gate with it.
What are Seth and Emily saying?
They think the best solution is for you
to publicly walk back your comments.
What does that mean?
- Oh, you mean apologize?
- No.
You just need to make it clear
that you were speaking for yourself,
from your heart, and not on behalf
of the administration.
- You mean take a back seat.
- I wouldn't put it like that.
I know.
Any stupid distraction like this right
now could sideline your whole agenda.
Tell me, how do I... walk it back?
You have nothing to be nervous about.
Hey, you're graduating
from Penn with honors.
You interned at the White House
last summer.
And I have a recommendation
from my brilliant cousin.
Well, we'll see how much that's worth.
Congresswoman Yoshida.
You know, I like that new title.
We've come a long way
since the Hill mailroom, haven't we?
Oh, indeed we have.
So I heard about your resignation.
What happened?
It was all very amicable, believe me.
Congresswoman,
this is my cousin Nadia Espinosa.
- A pleasure.
- The pleasure's mine, ma'am.
Impressive CV for someone your age.
Come on in.
Oh... and if I get you some more of that
special Kona coffee that you like,
will you tell me
the real reason you left?
Maybe. I-I'll think about it.
Okay.
Your girl is a classic sociopath.
Can't wait to get her
into an interrogation room...
see what makes her tick.
What the hell is wrong with you?!
You don't know how to drive, huh?!
- Jason!
- Who sent you?!
- Hey!
- Who do you work for?!
He's just a reckless driver. Let him go!
Get the hell out of here, son of a bitch!
What was that?
Look, I shouldn't have...
I shouldn't have done that.
Okay, I overreacted.
But I'm fine.
No, you're not.
I need a partner, not a loose cannon.
With everything that's going on,
I just thought...
Oh, God.
- I'm good.
- I want to believe you. I do.
But I can't take this chance right now.
We got too much riding on this,
the both of us.
Hannah, I said I'm fine. I'm ready.
Get in the car. I'm taking you home.
What?
Jason, get in the car.
I'll walk.
Ja--
Reschedule that meeting.
Aaron?
Madam Speaker.
What are you doing here?
My cousin has an interview
with the Congresswoman.
Oh, I didn't realize that politics
was a family business.
No, no, it's not.
Can't be easy to be
on the sidelines today.
The President's in very capable hands.
Listen... I hope I didn't have
anything to do with what happened,
- leaking that story to Abe Leonard.
- Yeah, I appreciate that, ma'am.
It's not that simple, but thank you.
I know you and I have locked horns on
occasion, but I've always respected you.
You'll land on your feet.
And if there's anything I can do,
let me know.
- I mean that.
- Thank you, ma'am.
So how'd it go?
- Good. I think.
- Yeah?
Was that Speaker Hookstraten?
Chuck, it's me.
The place is completely cleared out.
I need you to look
into the building records.
Find out who owns the property
and any transaction history.
Hit me back when you've got something.
If it makes you feel any better,
this is actually totally
standard political procedure.
What, pretending to eat crow
on national television
while the rest of the nation's
eating their breakfast?
Think of it this way.
You could be doing late night.
How's it going?
- I'll go see how close they are.
- Okay.
- You look great.
- Tom, I look like a mannequin.
No, you don't. You look beautiful.
Tom, I'm just no good at playing this,
you know, submissive-wife role.
- No one's asking you to.
- Really?
All I ask is that you acknowledge
that the comments were yours
and not that of the administration.
That's it.
They're ready.
Thank you.
Look...
I love you, and I'm gonna do this.
Thank you.
Clearly, you're juggling a lot
as First Lady,
wife, mother, spokesman, role model.
How do you keep it all together?
Um...
I... I have to admit, it has been, uh...
an adjustment
with a steep learning curve.
I mean, just yesterday,
I managed to get in hot water
for a comment I made at a luncheon.
Senator Jack Bowman of Montana
accused you
of soft-pedaling gun control
on behalf of the President.
Is that what you were doing?
I gave a brief speech.
I was not expecting any questions.
And, um...
when asked about gun violence,
I simply spoke my mind.
So there was nothing premeditated?
No, not at all.
I spoke as a citizen, as a mother,
not as a First Lady.
But I have discovered that when you are
married to the President, you, uh...
you don't really get
to make that distinction.
So tackling gun reform is not something
that you want to take on as First Lady.
Right now, I plan on leaving the politics
to the new politician in my family.
And I know that both Tom and I
are very excited
about his agenda
for the first hundred days.
D.C. was designed to intimidate, right?
- It's working.
- Come on. It's only been a day.
You'll hear back from them
any minute now.
I know. I just really want it.
- So, are you ever gonna talk about it?
- About what?
Why you left the White House?
Look, I know you don't do
anything without good reason,
but my mom said you were thinking
about moving back to Texas.
I just want to say,
for the record, it's a really bad idea.
Nadia, I made it about as far
as I can make it in this town.
It was a really good run. Now it's...
It's time to try something new.
- Can I just say one thing?
- Now you're asking?
Before you, no one thought it was possible
to get out of our town.
You probably don't remember this, but...
the summer after
you graduated from college,
I was maybe 10,
and you came home for a visit.
And the only thing you could talk about
was moving to D.C.
to work in the mailroom
of some senator
that nobody had ever heard of.
Yeah.
I'll never forget that you told me it
didn't matter that we came from nothing.
- Look, Nadia, just--
- Because... No, shut up.
You were gonna prove
that even we can make a difference.
That's why you came to D.C.
That's why I'm here.
Because of you.
Okay, that address you went to
has been completely vacant
for the past five years.
- So it's a dead end.
- Not necessarily.
- Someone's still paying the property tax.
- Who?
Browning Reed.
Browning Reed?
The private defense company?
- I thought they went out of business.
- Supposedly, but it hasn't stopped them
from shelling out $35,000 a year
for an empty building.
Nice work, Chuck.
Find out whatever else you can
on Browning Reed,
- and if they own other properties in D.C.
- I'm on it.
Do you smell that?
Yeah, there was a... a gas leak
in the building earlier.
A guy from D.C. United Gas
checked it out and said it was okay.
Chuck.
D.C. United doesn't check gas leaks.
The fire department does.
Out! Now!
- You okay?
- I can't hear anything.
It'll come back. Just breathe.
Hey.
We're okay.
Just a routine gas-leak explosion, right?
Right.
Listen... they think we're dead so maybe
we have the edge on them for once.
Somehow, that doesn't
make me feel better.
The only connection we have
is Browning Reed.
Did we find out
if they own any other properties?
Thank God for the Cloud.
They own six properties in North Dakota.
- Anything closer?
- Actually, very.
135 Columbia Road, Washington, D.C.
Guess that's where I'm headed next.
Mr. President, my name is Carol.
I'm from Philadelphia.
I'm 74 years old,
and I'm on a fixed income.
I've lived in the same apartment
for 30 years,
and because of gentrification,
I can't afford to live
in my neighborhood anymore.
How are you going to help people like me
from getting pushed out of our homes?
Carol, thank you for asking the question.
You're absolutely right.
Recent studies have shown
that housing prices
have gone up exponentially
over the last three years,
- especially in our major cities.
- I'm sorry, sir. Can I stop you there?
Emily, tell me whatever you want,
but if you don't start
talking to me like a person instead
of the President of the United States,
- we're never gonna get through this.
- Okay.
You're falling into professor mode again.
Carol from Philadelphia doesn't give
a damn about academic surveys.
She cares that she has to take two buses
to find an affordable grocery store.
And she wants to know
that you care about that, too.
I do, which is why
I was referencing this study,
because it shows
that with specific zoning laws
and small-business incentives,
local grocers can--
No offense, sir, but I just fell asleep.
Look, you have the right answers,
but tonight is about listening
to people's concerns.
- Focus on relating.
- No, I don't feel comfortable with that.
- The town hall isn't about me.
- With all due respect, sir, yes, it is.
Okay.
You want me to show that I have a grasp
on all of the topics,
but not sound too professorial.
Yes... and personalize every answer.
And personalize every answer.
Anything else?
If you can get through tonight unscathed,
we can get to policy building.
Okay.
This next question falls under
the category of "expect the unexpected."
Mr. President, thanks to the Internet,
pornography addiction has become
a big problem in my community.
What are your thoughts on pornography,
and how will you help with this problem?
You want me to personalize this one?
President Kirkman begins
his town hall in just a few minutes.
What can we expect?
Well, it's his first public appearance
away from the White House setting,
and the idea is
to bring his agenda
directly to the people,
to showcase the more
personal side of Tom Kirkman.
And I'm eager to see
if he can pull it off.
Thank you.
Mr. President.
My name is Melissa,
and I wanted to ask
what was it like
becoming a president overnight?
That's a very difficult question
for me to answer.
Over a thousand people died that evening,
many of whom I knew.
Some I had talked to just that afternoon.
But if I'm gonna be completely honest...
it was the scariest moment of my life.
But I knew I wanted to serve my country,
and that's what I did.
And I'm committed to doing
the best job possible.
Mr. President, we were all so worried
about you after you were shot.
I'm surprised and elated
to see you out and around so quickly.
How are you feeling?
Thank you.
Thank you all.
Thank you very much.
I'm feeling much better.
It only hurts when I breathe.
Seriously...
I feel lucky, grateful.
Hello, Mr. President, my name is Amy.
And my question to you, sir, is,
after all that's happened
these past few months,
what do I tell my children?
Are we ever gonna be safe again?
That's a very important question, Amy.
If you don't mind, what are the names
of your children?
Oh, Lily and Sara.
Lily and Sara.
I had a difficult time
explaining this to my kids, too.
But I think you have to be honest
with Lily and Sara
and acknowledge what's happened.
And tell them that we're gonna
get through this... together.
And when we do,
we'll be better and stronger for it.
Mr. President,
I was a factory worker for 27 years
before the plant closed down last year.
I'm 54 years old, and I don't think
I have it in me to start a new career.
How you gonna bring back jobs
like mine to Virginia?
What kind of factory did you work in?
I was an assembly-line foreman
for a small-appliance manufacturer.
My father and grandfather
were both factory workers.
I remember
when I was a boy that...
I'm not here to speak about me.
I'm here to speak about you.
I'm very sorry
that you lost your job, sir.
But as to what I can do
to help bring it back,
the answer is nothing.
It's gone... for good.
And if some politician told you
otherwise, they were lying to you.
And I won't do that.
Now, the reason why jobs like yours
have disappeared
isn't just because of cheaper labor
in some other country.
Primarily, it's technology.
Technology allows one person
to do what used to take 10.
Now, that might be great
for the economy,
but it's not for you...
for your family.
Now, a moment ago,
Melissa asked me
what it was like
to become president overnight,
and I told her it was
the scariest moment of my life.
It doesn't even compare
to what you're going through, sir:
the fear of not knowing
if you can provide for your family.
Not since the Industrial Revolution
has our economy gone through
such a dynamic transformation.
We need solutions.
So here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna create
a public-works program
that's gonna deal with the failing
infrastructure issues around the country,
and anyone who has lost
a manual-labor manufacturing job
in the last four years
because of this changing economy,
their names will go to the top
of the list for these new jobs.
But I also want to create programs
at every public college
and university across the country
so unemployed workers
can become educated
in these new and emerging technologies.
And I want you to know that I believe
that the American government
has a responsibility,
not just to maintain,
but create opportunities
for the American people,
and that's what we're going to do.
Thank you.
Next question, please.
Hello, Mr. President.
- My name is Sandra.
- Hi, Sandra.
I heard what the First Lady said
about background checks,
and I have a question.
I recently lost my daughter, Julie.
My ex-boyfriend was...
released from jail, and even so,
he was able to buy a handgun
from a private seller.
He broke into our house...
and he shot and killed my little girl.
I'm so sorry.
My daughter was my world,
my everything.
And the man...
...who took her from me
was a monster who somehow
still got his hands on a gun
because unlicensed gun dealers
don't have to run background checks.
I'm here because I have to be strong
for my other two daughters.
But I struggle every day
to find a reason to keep going.
I would like to ask you, Mr. President...
...what will you do to prevent
something like this from happening again?
Sandra, your story breaks my heart.
And as a father,
I can't even imagine
what you're going through.
Gun control is one of the most divisive,
hot-button topics in our nation,
but that should not be an excuse
for avoiding the issue.
In fact, that should be the opposite.
- He's good.
- Yeah, that's because he means it.
But I want to be absolutely clear.
I believe that the American people
have every right to buy and own guns
by virtue of the second amendment.
I would also like to take a moment
to quash the myth
that somehow gun control
is equal to the Federal Government
coming into your home
and taking your weapons away.
Nobody is advocating for that.
We need to be doing everything we can
to stop guns from falling
into the hands of prior felons,
people dealing
with serious mental-health issues,
people on terrorist watch lists.
I mean, come on.
We need to be using common sense.
It's as simple as that.
And I hate the fact that there is
nothing I can say or do right now
to ease Sandra's pain,
but I can make her one promise;
that I will do everything in my power
to make sure that
not one more American family
has to experience her grief.
Thank you.
- Yes.
- Aaron Shore is here to see you.
Send him in.
- Madam Speaker.
- Aaron.
- Thank you for seeing me.
- Please.
- Thanks.
- So, what can I do for you?
I wanted to take you up on your offer.
You're good friends
with Tony Buchanan, right?
I am. Why?
I was wondering
if you could make an introduction.
You want to work
for Buchanan and Associates?
I've... I've always thought they're some
of the strongest lobbyists in town.
I like the causes they represent,
their public-interest concerns,
their non-profits.
Why do you want to be a lobbyist?
Well, when you leave a high White House
position under a cloud, well,
let's say your options
are somewhat limited.
You didn't leave under a cloud.
I mean, I'll admit,
it's a little mysterious, but there's
no hint of scandal... is there?
No.
Okay, then.
Wouldn't you rather be on the inside?
Yeah, but lobbying seems like
a pretty good temp job.
Besides, the money wouldn't hurt.
That's the problem.
Once you get used to that expense
account, it's hard to go back.
Yeah.
Washington needs you on the inside.
You're too talented to leave.
Look, um, I appreciate that, ma'am,
but, um... can you think
of any other alternatives?
Yeah.
Work for me.
Everybody, come on in.
That's it. Come on in.
Please take a seat.
I want to thank you all
for being here today.
Last night, I spoke
to specific policy and ideas,
but I want you to know I am still trying
to determine my own priorities.
So any input that you have,
I would be grateful for.
There seem to be
a few political pundits out there
that think that I am working
at a distinct disadvantage
because I am registered
as an Independent.
I can't tell you how strongly
I disagree with that.
I believe that if we work together,
we can create a bi-partisan platform
that would be beneficial to both parties,
and as an Independent,
I can help facilitate that.
We have an opportunity to bypass
special interests, lobbyists,
and use... compassion,
cooperation, common sense.
Now...
I'm not as naive
as some of you would like to believe.
And I'm not trying to minimize
or over-simplify
the incredible challenges
that we will face.
But as we begin our work here today,
I would like us to move toward
the true spirit of partnership.
Now, having said that, I'll go first.
Senator Bowman... you and I have
very different opinions on gun safety.
I would like to make a pledge to you,
sir, that I will work tirelessly with you
until we reach a consensus,
something that we both can live with,
maybe even be proud of.
Mr. President, you can rely on me to act
in the best interests of the country.
Thank you, sir.
We had an amicable first meeting.
The President has some
big ideas for the future, and so do we.
Now, the President made it clear
last night and again today
that gun control's
an important issue to him.
We don't happen to see
eye-to-eye on the topic,
but in an effort to bring
the issue out into the open,
as the Chairman of
the Senate Appropriations Committee,
I will be re-introducing Bill 8180
from the former Congress,
which strengthens
federal background checks.
Now, I happen to oppose this bill, but
in the spirit of bipartisan discussion,
I'd like to put it
before the Senate for debate.
- Do you believe this guy?
- Son of a bitch.
We can't introduce our own bill now.
We do that, and we look like
we're competing against Congress
instead of working with them.
He hasn't even left
the White House grounds.
Already he's hijacking our agenda.
If the President's gonna find
a compromise, it comes at a price.
Good. Get that to me
within the hour, please.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, do we have anyone
who can propose amendments?
Because this bill has loopholes
you could fly a plane through.
Mr. President, we're trying
to figure out how to handle
- this development with Bowman.
- I just read the bill.
I can see why it didn't get
out of committee.
The problem is,
if you don't support the bill,
you'll be branded a hypocrite
who used the town hall
for political purposes
when you're really soft on guns.
But if you do support it,
you're opening yourself up
to all sorts of criticism
because of its flawed wording.
Son of a bitch is trying
to back us into a corner.
Get ready for a fight.
How long you been following me?
Since the explosion.
You okay?
Yeah.
I'm ready now.
Let's go.
Browning Reed owns this place?
According to what Chuck found out.
Let her go.
Let her go!
Put your hands behind your head.
Put your hands behind your head!
Oh, Jason Atwood.
It's been a while.
Jason.
Jason, put your gun down.
Go get the car.
I'll bring her out front.
Yeah, Jason!
Let the real cop take it from here.
- Shut the hell up.
- Don't let her manipulate you again.
Jason, we'll make her pay
for what she did, okay?
Do it.
Do it!
Damn it, Atwood! We need her alive!
Aah!
Let's take her in.
Thank you.
- Aaron.
- Hey.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm meeting with Gary over at
Lege Affairs. It'll hit playbook tomorrow.
I'm the new Chief Strategist
for the Speaker of the House.
You're working
for Kimble Hookstraten?
I know, it seems a little
outside the box.
A little? She's the head
of the Republican Party,
and you're a card-carrying Democrat.
I'm looking to redefine
the playing field.
I thought a lot about it,
and with Kirkman as president,
the party lines don't seem to mean
as much as they used to, you know?
Hmm.
Well, I have a meeting with State.
I guess I'll be seeing you.
- I guess so.
- Good.
Thank you.
- Surprise!
- Daddy!
- I didn't know you were coming.
- That's why they call it a surprise.
- Is that from Zeno's?
- Pepperoni and a veggie.
Awesome.
Wait up.
- This really is such a nice surprise.
- Hi.
They needed to see you.
No more than I needed
to see all of you.
- Long day.
- I know, I saw Bowman on TV.
Perfect example of why I never
wanted to get into politics.
- And yet here we are.
- Yeah.
Fighting the good fight.
We'll see.
You better not have eaten it all.
Oh, my God.